Press on to touch Jesus. 2 Cor 12:8
Choose faith over fear. Mt 14:22-23?(32)
Good Morning and Win Today. God's mercies are new every morning. Lm 3:22-23
Leave it for God and cheer up. Jm 1:2-3
If the Word of God dwells in you, it produces prayer fruits: salvation and all of God's blessings. J 15:7
If faith must grow, it must start little. If something big starts big, it calls for concern. Mk 4:32-33
Jesus is with you in the living word. J 1:1
Scriptural prayer opens the door for God's Spirit. Hb 4:12
Victory is not for those who quit. Hb 10:39
Spend time getting your heart in tune for prayer. Pr 16:1
A beliver's heart is the prayer room. Mt 6:6
The greatest product of meditation is the knowledge and the fear of God. Pr 9:10
You cannot defeat your opponent with the weapons you have not tried. I have tried God and found Him Reliable, Real, Trustworthy, Dependable, Loyal, Genuine, Authentic, Faithful, Steadfast and True!
Reject any torture from the enemy of your soul — anxiety, sadness, doubt, worrying about the future. With God, all things are possible! Stop worrying about your situation and leave it for God!
There is no perfect being.


There is no superstar in the ministry of the Holy Spirit.

Where God wants us to be is where His mercy and His blessing is.

Your coach has to have a PhD in persecution.



If we want to be able to do great things, we need to have a great relationship.

If you are in haste to achieve something, you are likely to make costly mistakes that will pull you back, if not down.

When God Almighty is executing His plan in our lives, He also designs and arrange events which continues to unfold until His purpose is revealed in our lives.

Prayer changes us, faith changes things.


The only hindrance to your prayer is when you continue to hold a grudge against your neighbour.

The secret of joy and peace is sharing with others.

We are created to keep our hearts busy with the Lord. Keep your heart praising God - that is what you are created for.

God does not give us what we know how to do, He always gives us what we don't know how to do so that He can teach us.

Everything done in God's time is EFFORTLESS.
One can be a prophet but not according to the will of God

Right knowledge of God settles peace.

99% of things that happen to Christians is not because of their fault, but because of the glory to be revealed.

You keep opening the door God did not open for you.

Mother asked me to pray against the bad dream. Then I understood prayer is the way to go.

You can be a man of prayer and yet not a man of faith.
See your weakness as a reason to pray more; it should not be the reason for sadness or to abandon your post.

Each one wants to be a CEO but he can't even manage his home.

The challenges before us cannot be withstood without God’s Spirit.

You can pray amiss but you can naver praise amiss.

Forgive yourself. You can't give what you don't have.

We get to Jesus by meditation. Meditate and then pray.

The kind of peace that comes determines where your breakthrough comes from. (Stupid self-effort)

If you are totally committed to God Almighty, He will take up satan’s challenge against you!

If I don't see you healed in my heart, I will not even come to you.

When I touch you, I feel your sickness in my body. That's why I know when you are healed.

I call it timid soul - impatient.

We need to use our faith to put a demand on the anointing.
If God is with you, you will be comforted in whatever situation you find yourself in. 

90% of possessed are not aware what they do.

Gifts minus character = satan

Sometimes relationships are too deep to quit.

As a Christian, receive trials as your friends.

We will continue to be faced with issues that violate our conscience.


When you are born again you have the privilege of letting the Creator to assist you. (Beeing free to walk among scorpions)

Faith is a currency.

Lamb was slain to receive power...

SOMETHING THAT DOES NOT QUALIFY FOR MEDITATION DOES NOT QUALIFY FOR CONVERSATION. WHAT DOES NOT QUALIFY FOR YOUR HEART DOES NOT QUALIFY FOR YOUR MOUTH.

God constantly puts us to test.


Sin easily hides where there is no heat of trial.

satan is afraid of lack of response after his attack. When men finish, God starts.

Fear changes focus.

Your concictency in faithfulness and prayer is the only way out.

To pray in Spirit is to pray in compliance with Scripture

Anything happens 😵‍💫🧐
WHY GOD?

Our weapon is REPENTANCE.
Work as if everything depends on you, pray as if everything depends on God.

Infallibility comes from baptism in the Holy Spirit.

I don't want to correct you more than once for the same thing.

If God is with you, He will show you a picture of future you desire, not the future you fear. 

The picture of tomorrow will impart strength to endure present situation. 

Use my situation oh Lord, to advance my cause. 

You must be prepared in areas of mind, material, human management and self-control. 

You must talk walk laugh as an overcomer. 

When Jesus supports my position, there is consolation and strength in your weakness. 

Worship must be pure. Sacrifice must be offered from a pure heart. 

! Where is my dream ?!

Faith comes when word prevails over thinking processes. 

Don't bring to God what you want to hear from Him.